[Music]
what are you doing in Hollywood the
movies vilensky repulsion knife in the
water baby stuck up the foot box
just about the confusion of white folks
how think they else it was a robbery or
a movie review
[Music]
[Applause]
honey education teach me ahead it had to
see it for myself
they call me biking man so old dad I
start I mean I'm here auditioning for a
part in your mom's by but I don't think
I've had it I made all the movies I put
you in every single one
[Music]
[Applause]
I got an idea about this great white
shark that terrorizes the town like a
New England robot robot you two can't
make movies together anymore
no sharing ideas did you find what
really people know there's a secret
movie that's been hidden in all the
movies ever made who made it who put it
there
TS Eliot's good enough for most people
but go ahead
Christ Victor movies are a goddamn
birthright thanks to them the prisoner
basketball would you there's a gun in
him
[Music]
this is a very weird movie
it feels like it's like a place in the
Sun
[Music]
you